IDE
----
1.	Launch the application browser
2.	Open the web page in the browser
3.	Verify the title of the page. The test should stop execution if the title of the page is not matching with the expected title.
4.	Enter first name
5.	Ensure that the alert box displays the message “First Name must be filled out” upon no data entered in the first name textbox
6.	Enter last name
7.	Ensure that the alert box displays the message “Last Name must be filled out” upon no data entered in the last name text box
8.	Enter Email 
9.	Enter Mobile
10.	Ensure that the alert box displays the message “Enter numeric value” upon character data entered in the Mobile textbox 
11.	Ensure that the alert box displays the message “Enter 10 digit Mobile number” upon wrong data entered in the  Mobile text box
12.	Select the  Category of recipes interested from dropdown as Non-Veg
13.	Select the city preference as Mumbai
14.	Select Mode of the learning as In house training
15.	Select interested course duration as 6 months
16.	Click on Enquire Now!!! button
17.	Verify the alert box displays message “Enquiry details must be filled out”
18.	Enter the enquiry details 
19.	Click on Enquire Now!!!  button
20.	Verify the message “ Thank you for submitting the online recipe class Enquiry “
---------------------------
Webdriver:
a.	Locate the UI elements using appropriate locators & fill the data in the form.
b.	Ensure that the test script execution pauses for 10 seconds before executing next instruction.
c.	Verify the title of the page.
d.	Verify there is a text on the web page “Online Cooking School”
e.	Verify that the user has selected Non-Veg  from the Category of recipes interested dropdown box.
f.	Verify that the user has selected Mumbai as city from the city preference dropdown box.
g.	Verify that the user has selected ‘In house training’ from the mode of learning dropdown box.
h.	Verify that the user has selected ‘6 months’ from the interested course duration dropdown box.
i.	Click on Enquire Now!!!  button
j.	Ensure that the alert box displays the message “Thank you for submitting the online recipe class Enquiry”
k.	Verify the text “Our location representative will contact you soon” after submission of form.
l.	Click on the hyperlink Download our Recipe class Brochure
m.	Pause the execution for 15 sec.
n.	Verify the text “Recipe class Brochure is sent to your registered mail id”
o.	Close the browser window
